hey what's up guys don't leave here I'm
welcome to these Tina sees and David the
hair review ID you can see we've got him
a team with Alexis and K and M reviews
are already on the channel make sure you
go check them out but for now let's talk
about David the hair 290 K he's out to
be pretty cheap to be fair and I'm
pretty sure he doesn't sell so he can
pick him up fairly easily and let's look
at those card attributes 96 diving 97
reflexes 6 foot 4 that is pretty damn in
sin I've gotta say I did have a lot of
fun this guy he's a great shot stopper
there is one issue with him I'm gonna
hire a straightaway
he's handling of the ball can let him
down a lot and you'll see that in the
clips he doesn't like to catch the ball
for whatever reason which can be a bit
frustrating but him yeah I found that
with quite a lot of his cards this year
in all my team but just before we get in
depth into this review I don't point
something out you've got to remember
goalkeepers this year can be so
different for different people for me
Chesney is incredible for others he's
terrible so there ya go keepers a bit
weird this year and then awesome a team
in general even the best goalkeepers do
make some weird mistakes Jeremy's a bit
frustrating if I'm fully honest but the
hang out I'm not gonna I really did
enjoy this guy he's big at 6 before he's
very commanding he's very quick off his
line he's reflex to the grid but the
common occurrence in every freakin game
with the hair was that he just didn't
want to catch the ball no matter what
type of shot it was he refused to catch
it at times even like some headers which
were quite soft headers it panned them
away and that was obviously very
frustrating I didn't mind it when he
likes like handled it well and like
cleared the ball with the service
sometimes he'd just pound it into danger
and that obviously was very very
frustrating but what it did like about
was how quick he was to react how good
his reflexes where some of the blocks in
minutes in the 1 and wond he's a very
very good goalkeeper but I just say the
handling thing can become a bit of an
issue in my opinion but this is what I
liked about him even shots like this he
actually did well to deal with them
because then instead of just like
rebounding them out he makes sure as it
goes over the bar or out of play which
obviously isn't very good - it's not
putting the ball into any danger but the
way instance is waitjust pounds the ball
straight back out just straight out and
I'm very lucky that there isn't an
attacker there for instance this is a
occasion luckily the attacker
air scoops the shot but you know the
hair got very lucky in that distance but
this is what I can do and I wish you'd
do it more often when he does make the
save clear the ball to make sure they've
got no chance of a shot
that is what I liked about what he could
do but other say it just wasn't
consistent in his handling as a whole
was just inconsistent that's probably
the best way I can describe it but other
than that he's a very salty but he's
tall he's so quick off his line great
and won't be worn to make himself big he
comes out from corners collects the ball
well in that instance his handle is good
he will come up from corners and they
handled the ball well but when it comes
to just saving shots even soft shots
with like little power he will palm them
where and for me that was a bit
frustrating but still an incredible
keeper and his reflexes are just
absolutely ridiculous in game mid some
creative especially in one I want I know
guys that's my review of David the hair
if you haven't Jordan people like if
you've tried him let me know how you got
on with him because I just say
goalkeepers can be very hit and miss for
some people so I would like to hear some
of her opinions in regard for have a
good day adios hey you what's up guys
stompin here I welcome to this team the
season hurricane review we're gonna ask
where is he he's in my trailer file
because stupidly
I listed him before get any information
about him which luckily still displays
so as you can see I paid 226 care for
him and in six games